[Music]
seven simple secrets for perfectly
smooth skin you're planning a vacation
and trying on a swimsuit and suddenly
you've noticed the hateful orange peel
good news cellulite is not a defect at
all ninety percent of women have it but
it's almost unnoticeable in some of them
due to the specific of the body
structure you cannot completely get rid
of cellulite but you make it almost
invisible here are seven brilliant tips
on how to make your skin smooth and fit
the first tip is one of the simplest and
most effective seven healthy eating a
common myth if you lose weight cellulite
will disappear this is not true the
fight against cellulite begins with
proper nutrition your diet should
include protein meat legumes nuts
lecithin eggs tomatoes spinach soybeans
fatty acids fish olives avocados nuts
fat burning' fruits and vegetables
grapefruit six water the best drink for
a fit body is common clean water make
sure you drink enough water
nutritionists recommend drinking six to
eight glasses of water
not counting tea coffee and other drinks
it helps your body flush away waste and
stay at the right temperature
dehydration makes it hard for the body
to control its temperature and burn
stored fat since it uses that fat to
stay in balance five physical exercises
if you consume more calories than you
can burn you'll get extra fat that
affects the appearance of cellulite
physical exercises will help you burn
excess calories and get a fit body in
this case sit-ups rope jumps running and
aerobics are more effective than
barbells and dumbbells
for massage both self massage with
special brushes and cups and a
professional service are effective in
Massage salons at clinics
massage is done with special equipment
that destroys accumulated layers of sub
contain ia's fat and improves metabolism
massage with essential oils is even more
effective as they penetrate the
epidermis burning fat and eliminating
stagnation of length 3 scrubs anti
cellulite creams don't bring desirable
effects but scrubs remove the
keratinized layer of the skin improve
blood circulation and speed up metabolic
processes a ground coffee scrub makes
skin fit and smooth and cellulite less
noticeable a sea salt scrub will draw
the excess moisture out of the cellulite
zone to contrast shower a contrast
shower improves blood circulation and
stimulates metabolism the pressure of
water streams will eliminate stagnation
and lymph will intensively cleanse the
skin and subcutaneous layers direct the
water jet to the problem area from a
distance of three point nine inches ten
centimeters and massage the problem
areas buttocks area with circular
movements legs top-down movements for
the front part and bottom up for the
back part one sauna the high
temperatures of a sauna increased blood
and lymph flows due to which skin
becomes smooth and fit restoring its
elasticity a sauna opens sweat glands
through which toxins leave the skin
cleaning it a fatty stagnation just one
visit to a sauna a week will smooth up
the subcutaneous fat layer anti
cellulite wraps with special oils or
creative mud will also help keep in mind
that these cellulite fighting methods
will bring visible results only when
they are all used together one chosen
method may not be effective enough
have you tried any of these methods
before did they work for you share your
experience in the comments don't forget
to hit the like button below the video
and click subscribe to stay on the
bright side of life